# Machete CMS

## dependencies

* **Ruby 1.9.2** and **padrino** *v0.10.5*
* **NGiNX** with **nginx_upload_module**
* **MongoDB** *v2.0* (or later)

### Other dependencies

* stylesheets **lesscss**, with the **node.js** module and executable.
* Javascripts widgets based on **Ender.js**, **RightJS**, **MooTools** and [aliem](aliem)'s [UiKit fork](uikit).

[aliem]: http://github.com/aliem
[uikit]: https://github.com/aliem/uikit/

## Various configurations

SMTP server listening on *127.0.0.1* port *25* (configurable inside `config/apps.rb`).

NGiNX with the configured *nginx_upload_module* like:

    location /base/upload {
        upload_pass   @app;
        upload_resumable on; # XHR uploads
        upload_pass_args on; #  "    "
        
        upload_store_access user:rw group:rw all:rw;
        # Store files to this location
        upload_store /tmp/uploads;
        # Set specified fields in request body
        upload_set_form_field filename "$upload_file_name";
        upload_set_form_field name "$upload_field_name";
        upload_set_form_field tempfile "$upload_tmp_path";
        upload_pass_form_field "^form_id$";
        upload_cleanup 400 404 499 500-505;
    }

to support *XmlHttpRrequest v2* uploads.

**Machete** own configuration resides inside `config/config.json`.

# Licensing

**Modified BSD License**

<hr>

Copyright (c) 2010-2012, Lorenzo Giuliani, Giuseppe Tazzi, Mirko Iannella  
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of Machete nor the
  names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
  derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
